What's white on top and black on bottom? US culture

I don't understand why Obama has to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass. I mean, I know he's black and all, but I doubt he'll shoot anyone.

What is Donald Trump telling all his supporters? Orange Is The New Black.

Which 2 food groups make up Donald Trumps diet? Meat and Democrats!

How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants? Juan by Juan.

What did rural America tell Donald Trump? You're Hired.

Why does Donald Trump prefer E.T. to illegal immigrants? Because E.T. eventually went home!

What's the difference between Donald Trump and Ronald Reagan? If Trump gets Alzheimers his IQ will go up.

What do you call a Disney Princess that supports Donald Trump? Snow White Supremacist.

Humpty Trumpty wants a great wall. Humpty Trumpty wants Mexico to pay for it all.

Why does Donald Trump feel he can understand the average man and become president? "When Trump bangs a supermodel, he closes his eyes and imagines he's jerking off."

Can I tell you a joke about the wall? Never mind you won't get over it.

Did you hear about the new Netflix series about Donald Trump? It's called "Orange is the New Racist".

You know what Trump has besides money? A barber with a sense of humor.

What do you call a president that blows? Donald Trump-et

9/11 Never Forget 11/9 Always Regret

What does Barack Obama call illegal aliens? Undocumented democrats. 

Barack Obama is on a sinking ship, who gets saved? The Country!

What's the main difference between Romneycare and Obamacare? The name.

A muslim, a socialist, and a communist walk into a bar. The bartender says hello Mr. President.

Did you know that McDonald's is offering the Obama Happy Meal? Order anything you want. And the guy behind you has to pay for it.

93% of African Americans voted for Obama. Clearly people aren't voting for the right reasons.

How do Republicans plan to fix social security? By taking the word SECURITY out of it.

The Mexican goverment has the best social welfare system in the world. No forms ... You share the same social security number with all your amigos.