What do bikes and black people have in common?
They wont work without chains

How do you know if a black person was using your computer?
If it's not there anymore.

I failed my biology test recently, apparently the answer to "what is found in cells?" Was not 'black people'

Why USA didn't win any gold medal on Olympic games for shooting?
All their good shooters are in jail

Have you ever tried ethiopian food?
Well, neither have they.

What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.

How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday? By putting flowers on the grave.

Did you hear the Score of the Egypt vs Ethiopia soccer game? Egypt 8, Ethiopia didn't.

I don't understand why Obama has to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass. I mean, I know he's black and all, but I doubt he'll shoot anyone.

What do you get when you cross a black guy with an octopus? I'm not sure either but it could sure pick a lot of cotton. 

Why do niggers stink? So blind people can hate them too.

Black guy and a Mexican in the car, who's driving? A cop.

What word starts with "N" and ends with "R" that you never want to call a black person? Neighbor.

“You da bomb!”
“No, you da bomb!”
In America – a compliment. In the Middle East – an argument.

I got in trouble during high school for masturbating in the showers.
Apparently it completely ruined the trip to Auschwitz.

If the camera adds ten pounds, then do African children actually exist?

How many Ethiopians can you fit in a bathtub?
Nobody knows, they keep falling down the drain.

Why do Ethiopians keep sending back their medications?
It says on the box "to be taken after a meal".

Why don't black people go on cruises? They're not falling for that again.

What did Stevie Wonder say when he found out he was blind?
Well, at least I'm not black

What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? You stop milking a cow after 10 years.

Why are Asians eyes so squinty?
Atomic bombs are pretty bright.

If only we had a mosquito net for every person in Africa, we could save millions of Mosquitos from needlessly dying of AIDs

What's the worst part about being black and Jewish?
Having to sit at the back of the oven.

