What's the best thing about fucking ALL the twenty one year old chicks?
There's twenty of them.

What is the worst part about having sex with a 5 year old?
Getting the blood off of your clown suit.

A father walks into a pharmacy, goes to the counter and asks the pharmacist about getting birth control for his 11 year old daughter. "My god, your 11 year old is sexually active!" The pharmacist exclaims. The dad replies, "not really, she just lies there and cries."

My friend is mad at me because he recently caught me sniffing his sisters panties
It didn't help that his parents saw too or that she was still wearing them
It made the rest of the funeral very awkward

These jokes are like kids with cancer....
Never gets old.

What's black and blue and doesn't like to have sex? The 9-year-old girl in my basement.

What's the best thing about fucking twenty three year-olds?
There's 20 of them.

So I was eating this girl out when I smelled horse seamen, and so I exclaimed, "Oh sister...that's how you died!"

A guy was walking to a bar and on his way he found a girl tied up to the railroad tracks. He untied her and they had sex. Guy gets to the bar, friends ask why he's so late, tells them about the girl he found and all the different positions they fucked in. Friends give him props and ask if he got head, guy replies "I couldn't find it."

I got in trouble during high school for masturbating in the showers.

Apparently it completely ruined the trip to Auschwitz.

Guy having sex says "damn bitch, there should be a law against sex this good" To which the girl replies "i think there is daddy"
I know, I know, I'm going to hell...

What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy?
Gang rape.

What's the warmest organ in a dead woman's body? My dick.

So a man comes into a bar... Wait, no, I messed up, it was horse. So a man comes into a horse.

What do broccoli and sex have in common?
If you're forced to have it as a kid you won't enjoy it as an adult. 

So I was raping a girl the other day and she cried out "Please, think of my children!"
Kinky bitch

I feel really bad for pedophiles.
It's gotta be really tough to fit in.
