How many babies does it take to paint a wall? Depends on how hard you throw them at it.

What's the difference between onions and baby's
I cry when i cut onions

Whats the difference between a box full of dead babies and a cadillac?
I don't have a cadillac in my garage.

Whats worse than 3 babies in 1 dumpster?
1 baby in 3 dumpsters.
Whats worse than that?
3 dumpsters in 1 baby.

My friend is mad at me because he recently caught me sniffing his sisters panties
It didn't help that his parents saw too or that she was still wearing them
It made the rest of the funeral very awkward

What did the boy with no hands get for Christmas? GLOVES! Nah, just kidding... He still hasn't unwrapped his present.

How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday? By putting flowers on the grave.How do Ethiopians celebrate their kids first birthday? By putting flowers on the grave.

What's the best thing about fucking twenty three year-olds?
There's 20 of them.

How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles? Nail the other foot to the floor.

What's the difference between a trailer full of bowling balls and a trailer full of baby's? You can't unload the bowling balls with a pitchfork.

So, I'm having sex with this chick, and I get AIDS!!!
I mean, how does a 9 year old get AIDS?
My sister has been hanging with the wrong crowd.

I asked my mom if by any chance I was adopted. She replied: Hilarious. Why would we choose you?

Wow, honey, I never thought our son would go that far!
Yeah, the catapult is really amazing. Go get our daughter!

A woman goes into labor with her child. The doctor says that they have invented a new device to transfer pain of child birth to the Father. He asks If it is ok to use the new device. The couple agrees and so he turns the pain to the father to 10%. The man feels nothing. They then bump it up to 20%. He still feels nothing. They keep doing this until they have the machine up to 100%. The man still felt nothing so they go home happy, until they find the milkman dead on the porch. 

If the camera adds ten pounds, then do African children actually exist?

Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?
Because it wasn't born yesterday!

Hey dad, how do you feel about abortion?
"Ask your sister"
I don't have a...

Guy having sex says "damn bitch, there should be a law against sex this good" To which the girl replies "i think there is daddy"
I know, I know, I'm going to hell...

My wife and I had been debating whether it was time to start a family when we saw a couple of cute kids, splashing and giggling in a paddling pool.
I looked at her and said, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
She smiled and said, "Yes, Gary..."
"That settles it, then," I replied. "We can't raise children if we're both paedos."

So a little kid and a child molester start walking into a forest. They keep walking for what seems like hours, and it gets darker and darker and darker, and the forest gets deeper and deeper and deeper. The kid turns to the child molester and he says "Gee mister, it sure is scary out here!" The child molester says "How do you think I feel, kid? I'm gonna have to walk out of this forest by myself!"

Say what you want about pedophiles, at least they always drive under the speed limit in school zones.

What does it look like when you microwave a baby?
I don't know, I close my eyes when I masturbate.

A priest, a paedophile and a rapist walk into a bar. He sits down and orders a drink.

What do you call of 6 year old with no friends? A sandy hook survivor 

Statistics say that 1 out of 3 people live next to a pedophile. Not me though. I live next to 2 beautiful 14 year olds. 

Where did little Suzy go after the explosion?
Everywhere.